[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
There are those among us
who have had an open and alive
connection with other realms
since the day they were born.
Often, that
connection shuts down
while we go through
the process of finding
our way through
the teenage years
and into early adult life, only
to spring back into view when
the time is right.
Belinda Womack is
one such person
and she's with us today to speak
about the lessons she has been
given by the 12 archangels.
And I have to say, I'm so
happy sitting here with you.
Jim Lehrer said, oh, you're
going to love this woman.
But just the conversations
we've had off-camera
and then watching
how you're watching,
watching how you're
assessing people
and your levels of
sensitivity and such
are really quite transparent.
It's like your
eyes and your skin
are practically transparent.
So I think people are going
to enjoy getting to know you.
So let's start at the
beginning and what
it was like for you
from birth, literally.
>>BELINDA WOMACK: Well,
Regina, I can remember.
This is actually
a delayed memory,
but I can remember seeing
angels from the day I
entered this incarnation.
And I needed those angels.
As many of us do, I signed
up for quite a childhood.
And as you shared
in your opening,
I closed that
connection down when
I was 12 because I decided I
was going to be a biologist
and I was going to stand
in my logic and reason.
So that's when I tried to shut
the door-- to my sensitivities
really was what I
was trying to do.
>>REGINA: Let's go back into
what the sensitivities were
from the time you were born,
how that appeared to you, how
you interfaced with
it-- what your life was
like in attendance
with these beings
because most people
don't have this.
So they love to know
what that was like, what
the experience was like.
>>WOMACK: Well, when
I was very little,
I just believed in angels.
I can't tell you that I remember
exactly what they looked like.
I just know that
they were with me.
But I was so
sensitive as a child
that-- one of my
favorite stories--
it's a little bit embarrassing
but I was around five,
maybe six.
And my mother had a friend over
and I walked up to this woman.
They were having coffee or
probably a vodka and I said,
I'm sorry, but you're
going to get a divorce.
And I don't know what
a divorce is but would
you like to sit down
and talk about it?
Because--
>>REGINA: With a five-year-old--
>>WOMACK: I was
so used to already
being this counselor that just
picked up things about people
and I just wanted to help them.
I just wanted to love them.
>>REGINA: What happened there?
>>WOMACK: Oh, the friend of my
mother's got very, very upset.
She was shocked.
She said, there's something
wrong with your child
and she told my mother that she
had to get me out of the room.
So that's probably
why I remember that.
>>REGINA: Were there other
times where what you saw,
people were more
receptive to what you saw?
And were they ever receptive
in your own family?
>>WOMACK: My family
now is very receptive.
I was pretty smart
as a little child.
I said, I'm going to
keep this stuff to myself
as much as I can because
I saw so many things.
And I would have
conversations with who
I call now "Master Jesus"
and "Master Buddha."
I would take walks in the woods
and see these two amazing--
>>REGINA: Entities, yeah--
>>WOMACK: Entities that
they were just mostly light.
They kind of looked
like male figures.
They were always together.
And so I would have
conversations with them.
And I--
>>REGINA: What kind of
things did they tell you?
>>WOMACK: Oh, no one has
ever asked me that question.
They would say that
humanity is learning.
And I would say to Master
Jesus, I would say,
you can't come back
because if you come back--
I was raised in the Episcopal
tradition at that time.
If you can't come back, we'll
just do it all over again.
At that point in
time, I didn't realize
that the whole resurrection
story was a myth
and it was symbolic.
But I knew enough to know.
I said, this is all just
going to happen again.
I said, look, Jesus, we have
to figure it out for ourselves.
And I had that
conversation with him
when I was 10
because I remember.
I said, you just need to
fill us all with that love
and then we will get it.
We're going to figure this out.
And that's really
what we need to do.
Otherwise, we're just going
to keep hurting each other.
We have to do it ourselves.
And that was--
>>REGINA: Wow.
Well that was quite
insightful for a young girl.
And what about
the being, Buddha?
Did you have any insights
or exchanges there?
>>WOMACK: I didn't understand
who this best friend of Jesus
was.
I just knew that he
made me really calm
and that both of them had such
this amazing sense of humor.
And of course, they still do.
And they would tell me, it's
not all what it appears to be.
It's not always going to be
this challenging because again,
things in my childhood
story were rich with trauma.
And they would reassure
me, it's not always
going to be like this.
>>REGINA: And why?
What was going on
in your family?
And why would such a
sensitive being-- why did you
choose that?
>>WOMACK: Well, I believe that
I chose to come into my family
because it's a rich heritage
of Celtic mysticism in my DNA.
And my parents were
so open-minded.
They really were.
They were intellectuals
and they were alcoholics
and they were brilliant
but they never
shut me down, in that sense.
>>REGINA: Perfect.
>>WOMACK: Yeah, they didn't.
And so I think that
that's why I picked them.
They really didn't know me
but they didn't shut me down,
even to the point of when the
angels came and drafted me
when I was-- that's
the way I call it--
when I was working as a cell
biologist at a medical research
institute.
And that was during
my first Saturn return
so I was 28 years old.
I called up my
parents and I said,
I'm leaving my work
as a biologist.
And I had two master's degrees,
one in microbiology and one
in environmental science.
And I was working as a cell
biologist, which I loved
and I thought that was my life.
And I called my dad and I said,
hey, I'm leaving this behind.
And he said, OK.
He said, well, you've never
told a lie in your life
and if you say
you talk to angels
and you say that you
work with angels,
then that's exactly what you do.
>>REGINA: Now, was
there an event?
I thought I had
read in your book
that there was a kind of
out-of-body experience.
>>WOMACK: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: And I know the kind
of room you're talking about.
I've been there.
Talk about that.
>>WOMACK: So it
was a normal day.
I was just doing a
routine experiment
with actually preparing
a bone marrow sample.
And I call it my
"out-of-laboratory" experience.
And so I was holding the
syringe with one hand.
I'm working in a sterile
hood and all of a sudden,
I'm not in the lab anymore.
I'm not by the sterile hood.
I'm in a round room that
is very ancient-looking,
with a dirt floor
and stone walls
and I have no idea where I am.
And this incredible
golden white light
appears that's almost a feeling
as much as it is a color.
And in that light
takes the form-- well,
it's Archangel Gabriel.
And the only reason
I knew it was
Gabriel because of the trumpet.
And I said, OK, Gabriel
comes with a trumpet.
And the angel spoke
to me telepathically
but with this energy.
My whole body was shaking.
And I was so confused, Regina,
because I was like, well,
I'm in a dirt room
and I'm supposed
to be working with
sterile technique.
Where am I?
I was definitely disoriented.
And Gabriel said, Belinda, we
have new work for you to do.
You are going to help
humanity to remember that they
are God's divine children.
They've forgotten that
and as they remember,
they will remember to
respect where they come from,
what they're made out of.
And I said, I don't have
the credentials for that.
That's so what I said.
I said, that sounds
like I need a degree
in psychology or something.
And Gabriel said, well,
all you need to know
is in the book to your left.
And so I turned to my left
and there was a stone table
that was quite large.
And on the stone
table was a book
that my guess is it was three
feet wide and at least higher
or deeper than a
foot-- so enormous.
And I was like, oh my gosh,
I'm supposed to know everything
in this book?
How many lifetimes is
that going to take me?
And then the book opened up
before my eyes and in scarlet
red-- I call it "holy
spirit"-- was the word "love"
all on fire.
I said, love-- I can
learn how to love.
I can do that.
And it seemed like I was in
this room for at least most
of a day, if not even longer.
And Gabriel said, we'll be back.
And I didn't know
what that meant.
I didn't know what the "we" was.
And I was back in the lab
and again, my whole body
was shaking.
And I looked at my watch and
not even one minute had gone by.
And that was my meeting
with the Archangel Gabriel.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now the story begins.
>>WOMACK: Yes.
>>REGINA: So then what happened?
>>WOMACK: So it was
perhaps after a month
that I had met the
Archangel Gabriel.
I didn't know what I
was supposed to do.
I had just been given
this assignment,
you're going to help
humanity, and I really
didn't have a clue.
The next message came
from Archangel Michael,
who I met Archangel Michael--
this was a little bit
intimidating.
I was home just
not doing anything.
I was kind of resting
and all of a sudden,
with my eyes open, my bedroom
filled with sapphire blue eyes.
The whole room was filled with
sapphire blue eyes looking
at me.
>>REGINA: You mean two huge
ones or a bunch of them?
>>WOMACK: Millions.
>>REGINA: Millions of them.
>>WOMACK: Millions of them-- but
as I looked, I was like, well,
they kind of look like wings,
like the eyes were covering
these magnificent wings.
And then in a very
similar way to Gabriel,
there was a voice that was
not outside of my head.
It just came through as a
knowing but a very-- Archangel
Michael's very
clear and grounding.
And Michael said, you
can try to resist us
but we are calling you
and we will let you
know what your assignment is.
But just trust.
Just trust that everything
is as it needs to be.
And then I just started to
have all of these dreams
and oh my goodness,
all these visitations,
not just from the
angels but quite
a number of ascended masters.
Master Jesus came and woke
me up at 2:00 AM and said,
I have to tell you something
about that resurrection story
that you don't know.
>>REGINA: Share.
>>WOMACK: Said, I was a rabbi,
I was married to Mary Magdalena,
we had three children, and
I didn't die on a cross.
It's symbolic, Belinda,
for the death of the ego.
The ego must die in order for
it to come home to the heart,
come home to the soul, to be
resurrected within oneness.
Our creator, Mother-Father
God, created the ego on purpose
to believe.
It is the part of the human
brain that has the ability
to believe it is
separate from oneness
so that it can discover
love and come back home
to unity, to oneness.
And so that is what death and
resurrection and ascension
means.
So that was my big lesson.
And again, my whole
body was shaking.
I was like, OK,
I'm not going crazy
because this makes
such perfect sense.
And whenever the
masters or the angels
would come and
teach me-- because I
wasn't reading books, Regina.
They were teaching me.
They were downloading
this information
and it was all just so clear
and it made perfect sense.
And even with the
angels, they would say,
now, we understand
you need proof.
You need tangible
proof that we exist.
You knew us as a child but
now the rules have changed.
So they said to me, so what's
the most impossible thing
you can think of, Belinda?
And I said, well-- and this may
sound kind of funny but I said,
I want to be able
to go to the lab
and work the hours that the
secretaries work because when
you are in the technical
staff, we could get there
at 4:00 in the morning and
sometimes leave at midnight.
It just depended
on what was needed.
And I tell you, there wasn't
a time, no matter what I did,
that I did not cross that
threshold before 9:00 AM.
It was amazing to me.
I would get up
and be determined,
I'm going to beat those angels.
I'm going to get there
by 7:00 this morning.
And it didn't happen.
>>REGINA: And you
were out at 5:00.
>>WOMACK: I was out at 5:00.
And they replaced me when
I left a few months later
because the angel said,
we're going to show you
when it's time to leave.
So it was about
five months later.
It took them some
time because they had
to replace me with four people.
I was doing the work
of four scientists.
They didn't know that.
They thought they were going
to be able to replace me
with one person.
But they discovered--
>>REGINA: And you were
working secretarial hours.
>>WOMACK: Right.
So that was my miracle.
They kept giving me miracles
over and over and over
and over and over.
So I've shared with you how
I met Archangel Michael.
And then I was invited
to go to an angel class.
And I was like, well,
OK, I know two angels.
I'll sign up for this.
And at this angel class, we were
instructed to close our eyes
and that in 90 minutes, we were
going to meet our one to three
guardian angels.
So I closed my eyes and
I saw this clear vision.
There was my little
Belinda, my divine child
that lives within me,
surrounded by 12 pillars
of different colors of energy.
And they started to sing and
they each gave her a gift.
So I knew immediately who they
were and they made that clear.
And so then, time-wise,
that was at the end.
I left working at the lab
about a month after that.
And then I floundered
for a few months
because I still didn't know
what I was supposed to do.
I was not independently wealthy.
I was going to have
to earn my living
and how was I going to do that?
And I had some friends
thinking that I had really
lost my marbles.
But that's when I
learned you have to ask.
You have to ask.
So I went to this
committee of 12 angels
and I said, OK, I work for you.
You're my employers.
>>REGINA: What do we do now?
>>WOMACK: Right.
And I'm not into
playing the lottery
and I was living
in North Carolina
and we don't have that here.
So what's your plan?
And they said, well, we want
you to go to your computer.
And so I channeled
this little booklet
from different angels
and different masters.
And they said, OK, now you're
going to teach a class.
And I was like, well, who am
I going to teach the class to?
But I shared this
information and sure enough,
the people came and
I taught a class.
And one of the women that
came to that very first class
that I taught called
me up on the phone
and she was having
difficulty with her work.
She actually sold
machinery, which was not
common for a female to do.
And out of my mouth-- the way
angels can make things come out
of our mouths-- I said, well,
I can help you with that.
Which you like to
make an appointment?
And it turned out her guardian
angel's name was "Easy Road."
I will always remember that.
>>REGINA: And so that
was your first client.
>>WOMACK: That was 25 years ago.
And so since that time,
I've worked with individuals
from all walks of life,
helping them to see
we create our own reality.
We do and there is a fast way
to evolve and to transform.
And it all comes home
to the child within us
because that child is symbolic
for a part of our brains
that rules-- or rules-- opens
us to the subconscious as well
as the super conscious and can
unlock our past that is still
creating our present.
The angels say, as
the masters say,
as many teachers
say, we human beings,
we create our present with our
past because like the creator,
we create with our thoughts, our
belief systems, our feelings.
We are co-creators What we
human beings like to do,
because we have that amazing
ego and that ego thinks
in past, present, and future,
we keep creating the past
and we keep bringing
it into the present.
And that's what humanity
continues to do.
So if we want to
make a difference,
because we are all one, we
transform our own past swiftly
but it does take determination.
You've got to learn to
love transformation.
But as we do that, our reality
changes and that tangible proof
that our lives change, that wow,
they dramatically get better,
then that can fuel our
human spirits to say,
I'm going to keep doing
this transformation.
I'm going to keep doing it.
And we are transforming
the past for all concerned.
So that's why the 12 archangels,
they believe in humanity.
They believe that yes, we can
because there are enough of us
willing to do this work.
>>REGINA: So can you
speak about the process
of that transformation that can
happen gracefully and quickly
if one is open to it?
>>WOMACK: Well, as the
angels talk about in "Lessons
from the 12 Archangels," when
we are like little children
and we work with our
creative imagination
and these amazing spiritual
batteries of energy
that God has blessed
us with called
"chakras," these
batteries of energy
make all things possible.
And one of the favorite ones
that they like to work with
is the chakra that's at the
top of our heads, the crown
chakra, and the color violet.
And they're not-- I have to
say, angels are not picky.
If you want to
work with lavender
or periwinkle or purple
or violet, it all works.
And when we just
imagine that color
and we put our past in the
color purple or in violet,
things change
dramatically for us.
I just taught a little class
in New York City at Namaste
and I was amazed because the
angels came in and they say,
we are just going to send
a violet fire tidal wave
through every person
here and we're just
going to transform
your past right now.
So all you need to do is
say the words "I forgive."
"I forgive it all."
Just repeat that.
It can be very gentle and very
kind, this transformation.
And the color violet, which
is the energy of forgiveness
and it is the energy
of transformation
makes it effortless.
Sure, it still helps us,
that ego to get in there
and to say, well, I was
really hurt as a child
or I remember this past life
or hey, look at this baggage
I got from these ancestors.
But the key is to forgive it.
And when we do that
consciously, even though we
don't know what we're
forgiving, because forgiveness
is an energy and the only
energy that the angels work
with is the power of love,
that forgiveness, that violet
fire of the crown chakra,
it knows where to go.
It knows how to go into the DNA.
It knows how to go into
all those secret hiding
places where we're holding
onto that resentment
and guilt and the unforgiving.
It can find it
through our intention
and again, being like a little
child and saying, all right,
I'd like some happiness.
I'll sign up for that
happy childhood, thank you.
>>REGINA: Mmm, beautiful.
And one of the things
I'll get into a little bit
later is the nature of the
meditations in this book
because there are a lot of them.
And they're absolutely
stunning in the cleanliness
and the vibration,
the frequency--
very high frequencies.
And so I totally
appreciated that.
What I'd like to do is now,
for people that are thinking,
hmm, I wonder how I can get more
in communication with my angels
and guides and so forth,
let's talk about some
of the more nuts and bolts
or practical elements
of how we go about accessing
that because most people say,
I don't know how to listen to
an angel because, number one,
they haven't been trained
as to what to look for.
So let's go through
a little course
on how we begin that
communication because so
many people feel alone.
They don't recognize they have
amazing beings surrounding them
right there at their disposal.
>>WOMACK: So just a
little introduction
about the 12 archangels-- the 12
archangels work as a committee.
And they say, don't get
caught up in our names.
Our names are not important.
It's our number that matters.
We represent a cycle,
just like the 12 months
of the year, the 12
signs of the zodiac--
the 12 hours on a clock face.
We exist to help
humanity to evolve.
They also exist to help
hold the universe together
but they are here to
help us human beings
to remember that we are
God's divine children.
They say that angels are equal
in power to human beings.
Please, they say, please
don't put human beings
as lower than an amoeba.
Amoebas are important,
too, because all atoms,
all particles of God's
energy are created from love.
Here on planet Earth, which
is an amazing schoolroom,
we get to experience
the opposite of love.
It's a school of duality.
So we get to experience fear.
So they understand about
the ego and they say,
the ego in its nature wants
to believe it's alone.
It thinks it's separate from
its body, from its emotions--
from its past.
That's the way
that the ego works.
So the main thing about
working with angels
is just to say, OK,
if you exist, help me.
Those words, "help me,"
make everything change,
Regina-- everything change.
So whether we believe
or we don't believe,
asking for help from the angelic
realms which cover-- they
are so omnipresent
here on our planet.
They live in our
animals, in our trees--
we have a nature
angel in our bodies.
We have guardian angels
that travel with us
incarnation after incarnation.
And of course, we have
these 12 archangels
that are helping our
personal evolution
and our corporal-- meaning
the whole human body--
helping us to evolve.
So they say, it begins
by saying, I need help
and that's the first thing.
I need help and I surrender.
Those two words,
"I surrender" make
it so helpful for angels
to step into our movies
and to help us to change
our reality because we
are creating our lives.
And so if we say, I
surrender and help me,
that allows these kind of
awesome, wonderful executive
producers to step
in and to help us
to change the movie
we are dreaming,
the movie we are writing.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And I am constantly
amazed throughout my life
when I say, hey, I need
some help with this one.
Or even if I don't ask,
they know me well enough
to know where I do.
And the degree of creativity
to which they solve problems
is mind boggling
to me all the time.
It's like, I could
have never come up
with that as a solution.
That is brilliant.
It's far beyond anything that
we would calculate on our own.
>>WOMACK: But at the same time,
we're not giving our power away
and they really make--
this is important,
that they work through us,
through the concept of oneness,
which, again, is
challenging for the ego
to understand because the
ego thinks, hey, I'm it.
I'm me and you're you and you're
over there and I'm over here.
But really, we are all one.
We are so connected.
And so when we just
ask for help and we
ask for help whatever the
problem is-- and as you know,
the more we ask, the
easier it becomes
because our egos are starting
to realize, there's help for me.
There's help and the more I
ask, then that help shows up.
And then the ego begins to
be just like a scientist.
We start to see the proof,
the proof that we are helped.
>>REGINA: And we have
to be willing to let
go of our attachments when
we're given information.
It might not be the
thing we wanted to hear
but it's exactly the thing that
we need in that moment, too.
So there is that surrender
of ego even on that level.
Let's talk about how
the information comes in
because you speak about how
it kind of spills and you
experience it on the right
side, through the right side
of the brain.
And that's the same
way I experience it.
I don't know.
It's just like a
melding of something
running through that
side of the brain.
But for everyone,
it's different.
And maybe you know.
Maybe you see.
Maybe you hear.
Let's talk about
the different ways
in which we know that we know.
>>WOMACK: So the angels
teach us that again,
the more we can be
like a little child
and to have that openness,
that innocence to try something
new, for example, to
say, I'm willing to try
to connect with my
angels and my loved ones
in heaven-- we have
all of our ancestors
and we each have a whole
committee of great help
that are co-directing our
movies, helping us to learn.
So when we can just close
our eyes and imagine a color,
any color of God's
rainbow, that helps
to awaken the creative
hemisphere of the mind,
the creative-- and I know
hemispheres are cliche
but it helps to make it simple.
So we have this
part of our brain
that it's not
exactly in opposition
to the logical,
rational hemisphere
but it doesn't think in
past and present and future.
It thinks in color and it thinks
in energy and it thinks in love
and it thinks in the now.
>>REGINA: And that's
the creative part, too.
>>WOMACK: And
that's the creative.
Yes, thank you so much.
The creative is what connects us
with the heart of the universe.
And so when we want to
communicate with spirit,
it really does help
to awaken and to use
that part of our mind.
Einstein says, human
beings, sometimes we only
use 10% percent of our brains.
But when you start to work
with that creative imagination
and that intuition just
starts to open and flow,
then we use much more
of that amazing mind
that God has blessed us
with, as you well know.
And so the more we do
that, we work with colors
and we work with
intention-- and gratitude
is a big piece of this.
That gratitude is the
attitude that really
will shift our vibration.
It makes it easier for that
creative, spiritual, intuitive
hemisphere to bring
through the guidance.
So how do we communicate
with the other side
because the other side
is just a vibration away?
It's where there's just love,
just pure unconditional love.
Here on the Earth, we have fear.
So it's a bit like sludge.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>WOMACK: And if we
can think of heaven
as a reality of pure love,
that's like flowing water.
So as we hold that
intention to ask spirit
to fill us with love, to
begin our day with-- this
is my personal favorite-- thank
you, thank you, thank you,
Mother-Father God that my life
gets better by the hour today
and we just feel our vibration
rising up and we say,
thank you, thank you,
angels for helping me,
even if you don't see them,
you're going to start to know.
So that guidance is going to
come through as a knowing.
And the angels say that
that's the clearest form
of the clairs.
They call it the
"clair," which just
means "to experience beyond."
So there's "clairvoyants"
to "see beyond."
Those are the visionaries.
There's "clairgnosis,"
to "know beyond."
There's "clairsentience,"
to "feel beyond,"
"clairaudience,"
to "hear beyond,"
and I never forget how
to pronounce the one that
tells you you "smell beyond."
>>REGINA: I don't know, either.
[LAUGHTER]
>>WOMACK: But when we know
it in our guts, which means
we know it and we feel
it, what the 12 archangels
teach us is that is the most
precise and accurate truth
that you are bringing in
because you are getting
that double confirmation.
We human beings, we're physical.
So when we feel
it, whether that's
emotionally we feel an expansion
or physically we feel it
in our guts, that knowing
whatever has come through--
like when I was a child--
and I'm sure this is
true for yourself-- when you
experience things as a child,
you don't question it.
It's like, yes, I feel it.
So when we experience things
as a child, we trust it.
We know it.
We feel that truth.
We don't go into that ego,
that grown-up ego that
says, oh, I can't believe this.
I need to doubt that.
>>REGINA: And for you, you say
that when information is coming
through and sometimes
it feels distorted,
your whole body will
start contracting
and that's how you know
that something's distorted.
You're not getting
the message clearly.
And this is a good
point to make in having
people understand
how to discern when
they're hearing truth or not.
>>WOMACK: So truth for me is
a very, very clear and precise
feeling.
I can breathe.
I feel expanded.
I feel that I am surrounded
and filled and in love.
That's what truth
feels like for me.
And anything less than
that feels like fear.
So I feel contracted, I can
feel dizzy, I can feel nauseous,
I can feel confused, and that's
how I know this is not truth.
>>REGINA: It's not
coming through clearly.
>>WOMACK: It's not
And that's also the case
if I'm communicating
with another human being
or I'm reading something.
I can really feel if
it's truth, if it's
got some truth and
some not truth in it,
and we all have that ability.
I believe that I use it.
It's like a muscle.
Intuition is a muscle.
So the more you use
it-- and I needed
it to survive in my childhood.
I needed to stay aware.
So I believe that for those of
us who live by our intuition,
it's because we really
do live and honor life
by trusting that that
inner voice, that truth,
is always guiding us and helping
us to make those choices that
are for our greatest good.
>>REGINA: And in this
whole process where
one is learning to attune and
be sensitive and pay attention
to the feelings and which
of the clairs they are,
really the chief
component that shuts
that down is fear because
we're immediately contracted.
We're not open to that.
Like you say, it's one of
the dominant frequencies
on this planet is fear.
So again, would you recommend
the same thing, using
the color and such,
to help people
just get out of the fearful
zone because sometimes, they'll
want to go talk
with their guides
because they're in
fear over something?
>>WOMACK: So definitely
stay in the colors.
Stay in the divine love.
So divine love comes in colors.
It's the colors
of God's rainbow.
You really want to anchor in
that love, in that vibration.
So you want to practice
feeling what love feels like
and it feels wonderful.
It feels like pure childhood
happiness and freedom.
The other thing that
I feel is important,
Regina, is that we need to be
here now because sometimes when
we communicate with our
guides and our angels
and we've got some contamination
there from the wounded ego that
wants to be powerful
or successful
or become a billionaire
overnight, if we are grounded
in the here and now, that's
when that intuition will say,
this is your next step.
The flow from our committee
of guides and angels
is very grounded
and very practical
and makes very good common
sense and only communicates
from a place of love.
You're never going
to get a message that
says, do something-- make this
choice because it will make you
better than someone else.
They just don't
communicate in that way.
It's such a place of true
compassion and loving kindness.
And so what I teach
my students and when
I work with my clients, I
say, you have to practice it.
And again, you can
ask for confirmation
by connecting to that child
that lives within your heart
because then it comes
through as a feeling.
And does it feel good?
And does it feel loving?
And does it feel kind?
And is it grounded
in the here and now?
And does it make common sense?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Right on-- wonderful,
wonderful explanation of it.
Another thing you talk
about is that when
the ego, that part
that's like, oh,
I want to be rich overnight.
I want to be famous.
I want to be powerful.
I want everyone to
admire me, that part,
which is just the out of
balance part-- the ego
itself is just the individuated
collection of experiences
that we've had throughout
our personal history.
It's not in and of
itself dark or negative
or even self-centered per se.
But it is individuated,
like you say,
and that can cause that
sense of separation.
But as you say in the book,
the ego that's in balance
will defer to that
intuitive process always.
>>WOMACK: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
The ego wants to come
home to the heart.
We all want to belong.
We all want to be accepted.
The angels talk about
that human beings--
especially that human ego needs
three things for survival,
attention, affection,
and acknowledgement.
That's what the ego needs.
And then it comes home
and it quiets down
and it says, OK, intuition,
OK, heart and soul-- intuition
is the voice of the heart
and soul-- I'll listen.
I'll step out of fear.
And we know when we're out
of fear when we breathe.
When the ego is in a place
of-- that's what causes the ego
to be separated is fear.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>WOMACK: And then
we hold our breath
and you can feel it immediately.
It's like, oh, goodness, OK.
>>REGINA: Everything's
clamping down.
>>WOMACK: Yep, not
breathing again.
>>REGINA: Closing in on us--
so breath is another good one.
I want to talk about
some specifics that
have been-- where information's
been shared with you
by the archangelic realm.
And that has to do with a
couple things and one of them
is the soul and the
subject of miscarriage.
And what's happening there?
>>WOMACK: So the way that the
12 archangels present this to us
is they say that when
a soul is incarnating,
the soul will travel back
and forth between the realm
of heaven and the realm of
Earth until the soul says,
yes, I'm going to stay.
And so when we begin
any incarnation,
we actually begin as a cell
from our mother and a cell
from our father.
And then that's when
soul starts to come in.
So if the soul says-- soul
gives the spark of life.
But if soul says, I'm not ready.
I don't want to stay-- then
what happens is then that fetus
or that zygote--
it may not even be
at the state of the fetus
at that time-- is just
going to leave.
So either through a
natural miscarriage
or through the
choice of abortion,
what needs to be remembered,
according to the 12 archangels,
is it's all been agreed on
because the soul is in control.
The soul is in control
of when it incarnates
and when it leaves.
So even in the
case-- which I know
you didn't ask this
question-- but even
in the case of if
there's a suicide,
the angels make it
very clear that soul
has given that
individual permission
to step out of that movie.
Life has become-- the drama
has become too intense.
And so that human
being, not only
do they have permission to exit.
They're supported in leaving.
And of course, that can be
traumatic for us, just as
in the case of a miscarriage.
But again, what's most
important to remember
is when we step into
this life, we're
stepping in on a movie
set or into a dream.
And we are learning and learning
and learning and learning.
So if we step in for a
moment because the mother
or the parents have something
to learn by our quick exit,
as in the case of if a child--
>>REGINA: Stillborn--
>>WOMACK: Right-- or
>>REGINA: Very challenging--
>>WOMACK: Exactly or someone
dies in childhood, very often,
I've found that that's
actually an angelic soul.
Souls have their own
musical frequency.
And it's because that
human being said, well,
I'm not going to be here long.
I'm coming in to give a
message, to teach a lesson,
and then I'm going to return
to heaven because that's
where I want to be.
And that's true for
our pets, as well.
So it's hard for us because
again, that human being
gets so attached to this
physical vessel that we're in.
And the angels do teach,
respect your physical bodies.
Remember it is God's vessel.
God created you in God's image.
>>REGINA: It's your temple.
>>WOMACK: Exactly, you are
a temple so respect that.
But when it is time to exit
this movie, don't fight it.
It's time.
>>REGINA: OK.
And they also said that
regarding the vessel,
there's going to come a
time when we can transform
our physicality, which, from my
understanding, we do, anyway.
We're tweaking those
frequencies before we
come into the physical body once
that decision or agreement is
made and the fetus
is developing.
But they're saying
something beyond that,
once we're incarnated
into the world,
that we're going to be able
to epigenetically change
our physical realities?
>>WOMACK: So the 12 archangels
say that that potential
is right now.
They make that very clear.
They speak about the now.
Angels do not talk in time.
They talk about--
>>REGINA: No, they don't.
>>WOMACK: They talk
about right now.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
3,000 years?
That's not so long.
>>WOMACK: Exactly.
But what is required
for humanity
to really experience kind of
that immortal, eternal fountain
of love where-- fountain
of youth, excuse me,
which is a fountain of
love, where we would not
need to incarnate or die
at the end of incarnation
is that we all need
to be really holding
love, the frequency of love in
every atom, in every molecule,
in every cell of our physical,
emotional, and mental beings.
We have to be able
to hold the love.
Otherwise, it is fear
that causes us to age.
But it's important
to-- and this can
be challenging for us--
to remember fear is just
an angel in disguise.
We came here so that the
creator could experience
what the opposite of
love feels like and looks
like because when
there is only love,
we don't really get
to experience, well,
how valuable is that?
How valuable is
it to choose love?
Why do we want to choose love?
Why do we want to
have heaven on Earth?
Why do we want to have
abundance unless we
experience the opposite,
unless we experience--
>>REGINA: It tempers us, yes.
>>WOMACK: Exactly.
But it tempers the
entire universe.
We are in school here
for the entire universe
because we are all one.
So fear is a gift.
It does cause us to age but
another way to look at it
is we are learning about
fear as we get older.
And growing older can be
a most magnificent thing
to experience.
It can be quite wonderful.
And I love it that
merlins grow younger.
And so the angels teach us, be
the merlin and grow younger.
>>REGINA: And what you
say makes perfect sense.
And when you just stop
and feel it for a moment
and feel the frequency of that
larger, not attached, larger
unconditional kind of love, the
frequency of love, of course
that's going to keep your cells
in the most pristine condition.
It's the highest
frequency there is.
Versus fear, you know
what it does to you cells,
creating acidity in the
body and horrible reactions
within the cell.
It's the antidote.
So that's a very
beautiful explanation.
I like that.
We have a little
bit of time left
and I wanted to talk about
a few of the meditations
because as I alluded to
earlier in our conversation
and off-camera, I know
a lot of meditations.
I've guided them
for many, many years
and I use my own little toolbox.
But what I loved
about this-- which
contains some of those
elements but-- was
the sparkling, pristine energy
by use of color and water
and light and the natural
surroundings in some of these.
They're absolutely
sparkly, clean, clear,
and very high frequencies.
So I found this
was the first time
I've read a book of meditations
that I would actually
use before going to
sleep at night because I
tend to be-- I've kind of
seen it all, done at all.
Yeah, yeah, I've seen
that meditation before.
I tend to be a little
jaded just because I've
been in this part of my life
for a really long time now.
And I have seen a lot but again,
that clarity and cleanliness
and sparkliness of
these is really-- well,
I guess if they gave you them
with those colors and imagery
in mind, it's for a purpose.
It's very high frequencies.
>>WOMACK: The 12
archangels want everything
that they teach to be accessible
to the five-year-old within us.
They are not intellectuals.
They are lovers.
>>REGINA: And you can
feel that in these.
But if you go through
with the adult mind
and apply that into this
sparkly, colorful, beautiful
reality that's being created,
they're amazingly effective.
Let's talk about a couple-- do
you mind talking about a couple
of them?
>>WOMACK: That's wonderful.
>>REGINA: OK.
So one of them I really liked
was "Surrender, the Meditation
in the Garden of
Compassion." "So you
breathe in slowly and exhale
deeply, focusing on your breath
until you become
calm and centered.
Lie down on a huge
emerald stone.
Close your eyes and say, 'I am
surrender.' Golden angels come
to carry you to the
garden of compassion.
The angels of the garden
welcome you to bear your heart
and tell your troubles.
Breathe in the healing light
and exhale the discontentment.
Open to the golden light and
see it fill your heart, mind,
and body.
And say, 'I invite miracles
to come to me in abundance.
I welcome the peaceful
feelings of sweet surrender.'"
And so that emerald and
this golden light pouring in
and the notion that you can just
kind of give whatever it is up,
it's really beautiful and very
effective and very simple.
And all these
meditations are not
pages and pages of instruction.
>>WOMACK: And in that one--
that's one of my favorites--
if you'll just
focus a little bit,
you will also see Siddhartha
Buddha will show up and help
with the surrender.
Siddhartha loves to
show up, especially
in that particular meditation.
And I just want to mention
about these meditations
very quickly that it's OK
if we're at the place where
we don't visualize easily.
Just holding the intention
and just reading the words
begins to move us forward.
So over time, you're
going to start to see.
You will.
It's the way-- the
vibration of the words,
the angels put their
vibration in every word.
So just reading will
also move us forward.
>>REGINA: Because these
are higher frequencies--
they're words of
higher frequencies,
colors and thoughts
of higher frequencies.
Another one here is
"Engaging Your Intuition."
There's another one
called "A Transformation
that's a Walk in
the Purple Forest"--
>>WOMACK: I love that one--
>>REGINA: Again, those
very high frequencies
of purple and of violet.
Another one I recall
was allowing whatever
it is that you feel trapped
by or burdened by-- taking it
and removing it and dropping
it to the bottom of a river,
for example.
And you can feel it go kerplunk.
But each one of them has that
same frequency and simplicity
to it that I think is
not only effective.
It's more than that.
You're right.
It appeals to the child.
Each one of the meditations
is actually beautiful
and that's the thing,
really innate beauty.
>>WOMACK: Well, thank you.
Thank you.
The angels thank you.
And they say that another
thing that is so fun
is that once you start to
work with these imageries,
then you start to
create your own.
The child within you
will give you new ones
so that it never turns boring.
>>REGINA: No, playful and
beautiful-- yes, you've
done a marvelous job of
chronicling all of that.
We only have a
minute or two left.
Any final thoughts you may
have or that your angels
may be sharing with you at this
very moment for our audience?
>>WOMACK: The 12
archangels would
like to give the
message, "Humanity,
you are making great progress.
We thank you for choosing love.
We thank you for
filling your vessels
with respect for your divinity.
You are God's children.
You have not been abandoned.
Let go of your past.
Let it go.
Fill the present
with love and watch.
Watch as heaven and
Earth become one."
>>REGINA: And I appreciate
that message and thank them.
And I thank you for coming
here and you have just
such a sweet, loving energy.
You're a human being.
We all have our
challenges in life
but your innate energy really
does carry that message
that they have
perpetuated through you.
>>WOMACK: Well, thank you.
>>REGINA: And I
wanted to thank you.
If someone wants to
reach through to you
on a personal level-- and I
imagine a number of people
will-- how do they
get hold of you?
>>WOMACK: The best way
is just to contact me
through my website, which
is www.belindawomack.com.
>>REGINA: OK, easy enough.
Thank you again so much
for being here with us.
Beautiful.
>>WOMACK: Thank you are
having me as your guest.
>>REGINA: I found this book to
have a grace and beauty that
invites you to work
with the meditations,
again, the name "Lessons
from the 12 Archangels,"
which you can find
through major booksellers.
Until next time, thank you
for joining us here on Gaia.
[THEME MUSIC]